doc: DBeaver guide show system objects (#28413)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/integrations/sql-clients.md

parameter for a specific user (i.e. role) using the [`ALTER
ROLE...SET`](/sql/alter-role) command.

#### Show system objects

> By default, DBeaver hides system objects in the database explorer. This
> includes tables, views, and other objects that start with `pg_` or `mz_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, DBeaver hides system catalog objects in the database explorer. This
includes tables, views, and other objects in the `mz_catalog` and `mz_internal`
schemas.
```

To show system objects in the database explorer:

1. Right-click on the database connection in the **Database Navigator**.
1. Click on **Edit Connection**.

> 1. In the **Connection settings** tab, check click **General**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Connection settings** tab, select **General**.
```

1. Next to the **Navigator view**, click **Customize**.

> 1. In the **Navigator settings** dialog, check **Show system objects**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Navigator settings** dialog, check the **Show system objects** checkbox.
```
